Hey guys, I wanted to make a quick video
going over a massive change in the
updated patch notes. In fact, this is
probably the biggest change in the
entire patch and which is not released
until now. So, here it is. Crafted
methods that put a single guaranteed
modifier on an item now adds as a
crafted modifier. Items only have a
single crafted modifier on an item. This
is a massive nerf to power on items. the
overall massive player crafting nerf.
So, if you don't know what this is, if
you're not really familiar, what are
these modifiers? Essentially, there's a
lot of items in the game that give
guaranteed modifiers in an item when use
for crafting. So, the ones that I assume
this will count for is the regal essence
and the perfect essence. These both say
guaranteed modifier, uh the new imbued
alloys. So, the new crafting method to
enter this patch, these an alloys, these
should also count as a guaranteed
modifier. So, you won't be able to combo
these with the essence that we currently
have. and the new distills as well which
is also used for crafting. The big thing
here is that it should be both regal
essence and perfect essence. So you know
both like the one we use for magic to
rare and then also the perfect one as
well. So for example as a spellcaster
you want to be able to add a guaranteed
spell damage into a guaranteed plus
spells. Then for stuff like bows,
crossbows, staffs, all that right
quarter staffs. I mean a very popular
crafting method was to get a magic base
with percent fizz. Then you'll use a
greater essence of abrasion for flat
fizz. then you're fil of suffix like you
know plus of all skills plus uh chance
of on kill. Now all three of these
should count as a single guaranteed
modifier. So you cannot use all three.
That means if you just use your flat
essence that's it. You cannot craft any
more in your bow. I mean you could of
course still use exalted orbs plus chaos
orbs but you cannot use the perfect
essence anymore. So stuff that won't
count. Now we do need confirmation from
GG. This is quite a big change. So, you
know, I would have liked if GG does do
some confirmation on what does and
doesn't count. But I think abyss
crashing should not count. At least I
hope it doesn't count because it's not a
guaranteed outcome. It is a random
modifier. The new Aldo rune crashing
we're getting since it requires you to
chaos or span for the modifier. This
should be a random modifier. And
hopefully the res swap that we're also
getting does not count. It would be kind
of cooked. A res swap did count as a
guaranteed modifier. But yeah, these are
things that shouldn't count. And I
assume the new distills, new imbued
alloys, and regal and perfect essence.
These should all count as guaranteed
modifiers. And you cannot stack these on
top of each other. So what crafted
method does hurt the one I just went
over? Easily. Weapons. Weapons. You
always use multiple essence modifiers on
League Launch. Even like very high-end
weapons, you use multiple essence. And
now this is all just, you know, nerfed.
You can no longer do this. This also
does make some weapons a lot harder to
craft. For example, if you want to make
a crit bow now, essentially you get
percent fizz, maybe use a crit essence
and that's it. So you have to like
unveil flat fizz with a abyss modifier
and then you know this perfect exalt the
last prefix and perfect exalt the last
two suffix. Usually a very high-end
weapon would be using it as extra
essence. So you do something like this
as extra fizz to get the last prefix and
that won't be doable now, right? So
yeah, this does hurt weapons quite a
bit. It is a pretty big weapon nerf.
Like honestly on league start I feel
like this is probably somewhere around
like on average 30 to 40% less damage on
your league start weapons cuz you cannot
combine all these essence anymore. Like
this combination of essence right here
was a very very common one for league
start weapons. Use this for your last
prefix. Use this for your second prefix.
Use this for your suffix. And use this
for your suffix. Right? So you plus
three guaranteed fizz guaranteed as
extra and guaranteed onslaught. And now
you can only use one of these. So yeah,
it it is a pretty hefty nerf, especially
for leaks on our weapons. I do expect
weapons to be a lot less powerful early
on since now you're just going to have
to exalt Slam and Prey. Yeah, that's
about it. Of course, it does hurt other
crafted methods as well, but weapons are
definitely the biggest nerf here because
they are the ones that always used
multiple essences for a lot of, you
know, crafts. Let me know what you think
down below if this is a good change or
bad change. I am kind of surprised that
this was like a lastminute change and it
wasn't mentioned anywhere else because I
do feel like this is probably the
biggest change in the patch notes itself
and definitely does hurt player power
and crafting quite a bit because you
know you won't be able to use all the
new stuff together like the new imbued
alloys you cannot use with essence
anymore. I saw it.
