Rune shapes, inscriptions.
These are my life's work. The more I
studied, the more I began to see similar
shapes in the stars above. It was then
that I dedicated myself to becoming a
rune seeker.
As Pharaoh so kindly explained, runes
are very powerful and ancient
inscriptions, and they can be socketed
into your items to grant them more
power. During the league, inscribing
symbols into remnants will let you
choose between a bunch of different
crafting rooms that you can use to
enhance your items.
When you come across a remnant, it has a
number of slots ranging from two to
seven. The more slots, the more powerful
the remnant encounter, but the more
options you'll have to choose between.
At the start of the game, you might find
yourself crafting simple damage or
resistance runes that are available at a
lower level than you would normally be
able to get them, giving you a decent
power boost. But things quickly get more
interesting. There are 22 runes for
adding or modifying runic ward, a new
resource that can protect you from
death. Using these runes, you can add an
extra defensive layer or turn your runic
ward into an offensive weapon using
Calguran runic skills.
There are also 13 runes that add powers
specific to weapon types, like this one,
which gives a chance for grenades to
explode a second time,
or this one, which gives you a new buff
called Druic Prowess when heavy stunning
enemies.
In addition, there are 22 runes designed
to give you power at low levels, like
this one, which gives you a bunch of
elemental resistances, or this one,
which gives you a ton of spirit. These
runes are designed to be powerful, but
drop off in value as you level up.
They're great for power leveling a
second character in the league. We also
have six runes that can be used to
expand the pool of modifiers used when
doing highle crafting. So, for example,
you can socket Catless gloom into some
gloves, and it will enable the crafting
of a bunch of new decay modifiers that
can be used for damage over time builds.
After socketing one of this type of
rune, use regular exalts or chaos orbs
to try and craft the new mods.
There are also several runes that have
one-off powerful effects on items but
are bound forever into the socket. Like
this one, which allows any item to gain
another suffix.
Or this one, which allows you to create
a jewel socket,
or this series of runes that can convert
any elemental mod from one element to
another.
There's even a rune that can upgrade any
other rune, allowing you to upgrade them
beyond the normal limit.
The last one I want to show you today is
Alder's Legacy, a special rune that can
be socketed into any Calguran or Ezomite
unique to destroy it, but create a new
rune that takes some of the properties
of that unique. So, for example, use
this on a trample toe to create a legacy
of trampletoe rune. Sock it into any
boots and just like the unique it came
from, you'll deal 10% of overkill damage
to all enemies in a 2 m radius. Or how
about the legacy of Twisted Imperion?
Destroy a Twisted Imperion and you can
add cold damage based on your maximum
mana to any weapon.
With Alder's Legacy, you can create
another 100 or so runes with all sorts
of unique effects.
At this point, you might be thinking,
"That's a lot of new runes." And you'd
be right. This is the runes of Elder
after all, but we didn't want the old
runes to be left behind either. A
significant number of the old runes that
were not being used have been buffed as
well, making this crafting system
significantly better. Explore everything
runes have to offer in the Return of the
Ancients update on May 29th. See you
there.
