In Return of the Ancients, we're adding
a set of challenges for the first time
to a POE2 League. Every two challenges
you complete will give you a piece of
the Knight of Alder armor set, so it's
worth giving them a shot. To check out
your progression and requirements to
complete a challenge, just hit H to open
up the challenger screen. There are
eight challenges in all, and they
progress from pretty easy to pretty
hard. To complete the rune seeker,
you'll need to find remnants with an
ever growing number of slots and use
them to craft new items. The seven slot
crafts can be pretty challenging with
six waves of enemies, so attempting one
of these fights could require some
skill.
Throughout the campaign, there are many
optional bosses. To complete the hunter,
you will need to hunt down six of them.
The last two, Aki the final sting, and
Anund the sandworm, can be pretty tough
to find being in the Kari crossing. In
order to track them down, follow the dry
riverbed. You'll find their arena at the
end.
The ascendant requires you to gain all
eight points of your ascendency class by
doing ascendency trials. Getting the
final set of points can be pretty
challenging though. You'll either need
to defeat Zerok on the fourth level of
the trial of the Simus or defeat the
trial master from the trial of chaos by
finding all three keys. Of the two, the
trial of chaos will take you much longer
due to having to run the trial multiple
times. But the trial the second is more
challenging. So you'll have to decide
which of these two paths to take.
The reoquarian is simple. Identify 50
different unique items.
Having a tough time finding uniques?
Jado the Atlas master has a lot of
abilities that specialize in finding
them.
To complete the artisan, you'll need to
use a bunch of different crafting items,
all of which come from remnant
encounters.
For the ctographer, you'll need to
allocate your entire atlas tree, all 300
nodes. You can do this the slow way by
completing all the maps inside the
fortress. But there's another way, too.
Each time you defeat the Arbiter of
Divinity, you'll gain the ability to
automatically complete a large section
of the fortress.
Find keys to his fight by searching for
citadels in the Atlas. Each of them have
big glowing beams so you can see them in
the fog. After fighting him four times,
the entire fortress will be completed.
And last, but certainly not least, the
Vanquisher. This challenge requires
killing three pinnacle bosses, the
hardest fights in the game. Tangazu, the
Bodark, and the Vessel of Coolark. These
are the pinnacles of Delarium, Ritual,
and Abyss Leagues. So, you'll need to do
these three quest lines in order to do
this challenge. One important thing with
the Vessel of Coolark, though, is you
need to defeat him at full strength.
That means risking the item during the
boss fight by returning the finger and
defeating him anyway.
Now, as I said before, every two
challenges you complete will get you
pieces of the armor set, so you don't
have to do all of them to get some
rewards. But if you do, you'll be able
to show off your prowess because
everyone in global chat or in the forums
can see how many challenges you've
earned. You'll also get this totem
decoration for your hideout, meaning the
forever more people who trade with you
will be able to see that you were there
and you defeated the league. Try out
these challenges and more on May 29th in
Return of the Ancients. Thanks for
watching and see you then.
