Path of Exile Gen 3 released a video
called Runes of Al'Dur, Rune Crafting,
where they're going to go over the
mechanic. So, let's watch it.
>> All my life's work.
The more I studied, the more I began to
see similar shapes in the stars above.
It was then that I dedicated myself to
becoming
a Rune Seeker.
>> Rune Seeker.
>> As Pharaoh so kindly explained, Runes
are very powerful and ancient
inscriptions, and they can be socketed
into your items to grant them more
power.
During the league, inscribing symbols
into remnants will let you choose
between a bunch of different crafting
runes that you can use to enhance your
items.
When you come across a remnant that has
a number of slots ranging from two
to seven. The more slots, the more
powerful the remnant encounter, but the
more options you'll have to choose
between.
At the start of the game, you might find
yourself crafting simple damage or
resistance runes.
>> Okay, so this is at the beginning,
right? At the beginning of the campaign.
Desert Rune will add fire damage, so
that's if you need runes. That's cool.
They rarely drop when we were in the
campaign. But, four blacksmith's
whetstones would also be really nice
early in the campaign, right? You get a
solid weapon, you want those blacksmith
whetstones, cuz at that point you don't
have access to the currency exchange.
And then they also have bonus rewards.
That's cool. Hell yeah.
>> They're available at a lower level than
you would normally be able to get them,
giving you a decent power boost.
But, things quickly get more
interesting.
There are 22 runes for adding or
modifying runic ward, a new resource
that can protect you from death.
Using these runes, you can add an extra
defensive layer, or turn your runic ward
into an offensive weapon.
>> See, I don't like that.
>> [music]
>> This guy just This guy just survived
like his HP is at one. He got attacked
twice, he should have died in those
Without runic ward, he dies. It looks
like he could survive like a third
attack, too. I feel like this is a
little bit too much hand-holding if it's
this strong early in the campaign. Looks
really strong, is what I'm trying to
say. If it makes the campaign a breeze,
then it's going to be a problem for
enjoyment in my opinion. There's got to
be a little bit of a challenge at least,
some resistance, please.
>> Pensive weapon, using Kelguran runic
skills.
There are also 13 runes that add powers
specific to weapon types, like this one
which gives a chance for grenades to
explode a second time.
>> Ancient rune of
>> one which gives you a new buff called
Druid
>> Prowess is a stacking buff which grants
10% increased skill speed and causes
hits with spell damage to grant three
range per stack for 10 seconds. Each
stack has an independent duration,
maximum three stacks.
>> The Prowess when heavy stunning enemies.
In addition, there are 22 runes designed
to give you power at low levels, like
this one which gives you a bunch of
elemental resistances.
>> Damn, rune of the prism is going to be
nice. Wait.
Oh, to all maximum elements. So, you
don't want to This is early. This is
early game. You don't You don't want to
be running this late game, I don't
think. This rune is specifically for
campaign. Once you get to the end game,
there's no way you want to be sitting at
65 maximum elemental resistances,
[music] which is good. This is really
nice. Well, this one which gives you a
ton of spirit.
These runes are designed to be powerful,
but drop off in value as you level up.
They're great for power leveling a
second character in the league. We also
have six runes that can be used to
expand the pool of modifiers. So, you
got Yutyrannus Asserius, which on boots
can roll chronomancy modifiers. So, like
your cool down reduction or some sort.
Conelorn's Hunt, which on gloves can
roll marksman modifiers. Cataclysm,
which on gloves can roll decay
modifiers. You got Medved's Tending,
body armors that can roll soul
modifiers. Soul modifiers, interesting.
Brad's Might, which on weapons can roll
destruction modifiers. And Winter's
Grasp. We'll need to learn what the
destruction modifiers are to see if we
want to roll them or not. And we'll also
have Varana's Carnage, which on helmets
can roll berserking modifiers. But
again, we'll need to know what the
berserking modifiers are and also if
they are going to be We'll need to know
what the berserking modifiers are. So,
I'm interested to see if they're going
to have tags when we craft or how are we
supposed to know what the berserking
mods are?
Right? Are we going to have to go into
POE 2 database for it? A little bit of
that food for thought.
>> So, for example, you can socket Catless
Gloom into some gloves and it will
enable the crafting of a bunch of new
decay modifiers that can be used with
damage over time builds.
>> He added a decay mod and then with the
exalted orb he added increased duration
of damaging elements, which again, I'm
not sure if that is it going to be
labeled as a decay modifier.
>> After socketing one of this type of
rune, use regular exalts or chaos orbs
to try and craft the new mods.
>> With the decay rune, he rolled magnitude
of bleeding, magnitude of poison and he
was searching for damage over time
modifiers and then he also rolled
increased cursed magnitudes, which is
interesting. I'm not sure if how are
these labeled.
>> There are also several runes that have
one-off powerful effects on items, but
are bound forever into the socket.
>> Wait, bound forever into the socket, so
you can't remove them.
So, once you have your rune, it won't
you won't be able to like overlap it
with something else, which makes sense
considering this one gives you a plus
one suffix modifier allowed, which on
gloves could be your plus two level of
all, it could be attack speed, it could
be crit damage and then leeches or
something to that effect.
>> Like this one, which allows any item to
gain another suffix.
We slammed in Merin.
Or this one, which allows you to create
a jewel socket.
>> Destroys all augment sockets on the item
to create a jewel socket. Now again, you
cannot replace that rune. It's not like
you can just put a regular iron rune
over it. These are permanent, [music]
but it's really nice. Look at the ruby
that he has on his gloves, right? Block
chance, melee damage, increased bleeding
duration, and gain three damage when hit
by an enemy. Like that's coming off of
your gloves, which is really nice.
There's going to be a lot of variety of
different type of equipment, which is
honestly pretty exciting.
>> With this series of runes that can
convert any elemental mod from one
element to another.
>> See these. Wrath of Aldur, martial
weapon, wand or staff. When socketed it
transforms all fire and lightning
modifiers to equivalent cold mods. See,
that's going to be nice. Passion of
Aldur, martial weapon, transforms all
cold and lightning mods into
>> [music]
>> fire mods. Again, nice. Ire of Aldur,
fire and cold into lightning. And
betrayal of Aldur, transforms all fire,
cold, and lightning modifiers on the
item into equivalent chaos mods.
>> There's even a rune that can upgrade any
other rune, allowing you to upgrade them
beyond the normal limit.
>> Perfect body rune.
See, this is nice. But is that a
permanent? She didn't say if it was
permanent.
>> The last one I want to show you today is
Aldur's Legacy. A special rune that can
be socketed into any Kaom's or Ezomyte
unique to destroy it, but creates a
>> Okay, so this is nice. They're going to
make it so that we're able to identify
which uniques we can do this on. Now,
they did say with Ezomytes and Kaom's.
Although, when they were speaking about
this, they were speaking about any
unique, right? And now, the way he's
saying it is just the specific ones.
>> new rune that takes some of the
properties of that unique.
So, for example, use this on a Trample
Toe to create a Legacy of Trample Toe
rune.
Socket into any boots, and just like the
unique it came from, you'll deal 10% of
overkill damage to all enemies in a 2-m
radius.
Well, how about the Legacy of Twisted
Imperium?
Destroy a Twisted Imperium, and you can
add cold damage based on your maximum
mana to any weapon.
>> See, that's nice. However, the way he's
speaking about it, it seems like it's
going to be like you're always going to
get a tax with this weapon added cool
damage with that specific unique. Which
is cool, but I like the idea of it being
randomly chosen. Because then it would
add a little bit of RNG to it.
>> With Aldur's Legacy, you can create
another hundred or so runes with all
sorts of unique effects.
At this point, you might be thinking,
that's a lot of new runes. And you'd be
right. This is the runes of Aldur after
all. But we didn't want the old runes to
be left behind either. A significant
number of the old runes that were not
being used have been buffed as well,
making this crafting system
significantly better.
Explore everything runes have to offer
in the Return of the Ancients update on
May 29th. See you there.
>> So, there we go. These are the crafting
runes coming and we also have those
runes with the permanent buffs that
can't be removed, which is pretty
interesting stuff. So, let me know what
you guys think about that in the comment
section down below and also help me out
with the like, would you? Peace.
